everybody this is Erica the technology
nerdy like the film stuff and it is
giveaway time I am so excited to be able
to give away the galaxy s5 g9o 6s I did
a comparison video between the g9o 6s
and the galaxy s5 i'll put a link in the
description so that you can see that but
this is the model that was released in
Korea a little bit after the galaxy has
five it's got the Snapdragon 805 SOC
inside of it and it's also got a quad HD
display so a much higher resolution
display than the original Galaxy s5 this
phone is beautiful and it really is the
device i wish that samsung would have
released to begin with i also happy to
be able to give away this device right
now because we are butting up against
the release of the galaxy note 4 and a
lot of the specs that are in this device
already i expect to be in the galaxy
note 4 such as the quad HD display and
also i know we're probably going to see
a galaxy note form with the snapdragon
805 SOC inside of it so this is like the
Galaxy Note 4 pretty much but just in a
smaller more compact package so first
and foremost before i talk about rules i
want to thank my sponsors over at 28
mobile com so much for making this
giveaway possible if you don't know in
20 a global comm is they are an online
store that has a 28 day money back
guarantee and also they sell other
devices like the g9o 6s that are not
easy to get in other places on the
market so I do highly recommend them and
I thank them again so much for making
this giveaway possible now as for rules
the very first rule is that you need to
be 18 years of older to enter this
giveaway if you are not 18 I really
don't want to exclude you just have a
parent enter for you so what must you do
to enter please subscribe and also
follow me on Google+ I would really
really appreciate it if you do I will
put a link in the description for
roflcopter com which is going to be
collecting all the entries for the
giveaway and I'm going to be choosing
the winner randomly I know some of you
don't like the RAM choosing and rather
have merit based but I can't go through
thousands of thousands of
and Who am I to say who's the most
deserving person anyway so what I'm
going to do is make it so you can enter
every single day until the deadline of
the giveaway I will be choosing the
winner September the 13th which is a
saturday so make sure to enter every
single day it will higher your chances
of winning and inside the giveaway form
it does have some instructions of things
that I would like from you mostly in
part so I can make sure that you're not
completely spamming me to get as many
entries as possible so I'm going to be
asking for a couple of things it will
ask you for these things in the form i
would like to have your name your email
address and please give me either your
youtube url your google+ URL or your
facebook URL so again i will repeat the
terms conditions and rules you need to
be 18 years of age or older i really
like you to subscribe and follow me on
google plus i will put all the links so
that you can do that once you get to the
entry form that's in roflcopter com
please include your name your email
address and one of your three social
media profiles you can enter every
single day until Saturday September 13th
so don't forget to enter every single
day to higher your chances of winning is
it a lot to say this is kind of crazy
but I'm giving a phone away for free I'm
sure you guys can muster the ability to
get those details for me so again thank
you everyone so much for supporting me
and for subscribing and being part of my
little community here and thank you 28
mobile for making this possible so stay
tuned do your entries and I will
announce the winner on September
saturday the thirteenth have a good day
you guys